Add sections to guide_for_admins_and_devs.md (#11)
ctsit/redcap_external_module_development_guide: docs/guide_for_admins_and_devs.md

Your new hire should not work alone. Connect them to the REDCap community. Sign them up for the [REDCap Community website](https://projectredcap.org/resources/community/). Introduce them to developers you know so they can feel a part of that sub-community as well. Invite them to [REDCapCon](https://projectredcap.org/about/redcapcon/).

## Finding a home for your software

Every software project needs a good home to be successful. The most foundational part of that home is _version control_. Version control software tracks the changes to files that make up a computer program, web site, documentation suite or _anything_. It documents the history of who did what when to which files. It documents the branching and rejoining any project experiences when there are multiple authors involved.

> There are multiple version control packages to choose from, but the dominate player is _git_. It's high function, free, well-documented, works on the command line, and has multiple GUI interfaces. Git houses the software that runs the Internet. VUMC moved the REDCap code into git a few years back. They also require git for all modules submitted to the REDCap Repo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are multiple version control packages to choose from, but the dominant player is [_git_](https://git-scm.com/). It's high functioning, free, open source, well-documented, works on the command line, and has multiple GUI interfaces. Git houses the software that runs the Internet. VUMC moved the REDCap code into git a few years back. They also require git for all modules submitted to the REDCap Repo.
```

dominate -> dominant  
high function, free -> high functioning, free, open source  
Link to git website

Author: I'll commit this, but open source is not important to this audience. Sure they benefit from it but they benefit from all kinds of infrastructure they don't care about.

One of the big players in source code hosting is [GitHub.com](https://github.com). They provide all of the above services and more on their platform--a web-based service that specializes in hosting git repositories. They provide both free and paid levels of service. The free service is well-suited to hosting open-source software projects and has captured a lot of that market. 
    
VUMC requires REDCap modules that want to be included in the REDCap Repo to be hosted in publicly-accessible software repositories on GitHub. This makes it simple for REDCap community members to share their work with both the VUMC REDCap team and the entire REDCap community. 

> Even without VUMC's requirement to use it, GitHub is still an excellent choice for hosting the development of a REDCap module or any software development project. GitHub's software enables a collaborative process of development for the software and its documentation. It allows anyone to participate as a peer in the process of creating, enhancing and maintaining a project. The service is free for public repos and it is centered around free tools. This zero cost for the tools of software development lowers potential barriers to entry for collaborators.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Even without VUMC's requirement to use it, GitHub is still an excellent choice for hosting the development of a REDCap module or any software development project. GitHub's software enables a collaborative process of development for the software and its documentation. It allows anyone to participate as a peer in the process of creating, enhancing and maintaining a project. The service is free for public repos and it is centered around free tools. The absence of a cost for the tools of software development lowers potential barriers to entry for collaborators.
```

Final sentence:  
This zero cost -> The absence of a cost

> Easy paths to sharing the tools of clinical and translation research are important. In some cases, the funding sources for REDCap teams at academic health centers in the USA require sharing the works created with that funding. This is true of many NIH-funded projects and specifically the Clinical and Translational Science Awards (CTSAs) that fund many of the largest clinical research universities in the US. REDCap modules created at those institutions are one of those products that should be shared because of the funding sources. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Easy paths to sharing the tools of clinical and translation research are important. In some cases, the funding sources for REDCap teams at academic health centers in the USA require sharing the works created with that funding. This is true of many NIH-funded projects and specifically the Clinical and Translational Science Awards (CTSAs) that fund many of the largest clinical research universities in the US. REDCap modules created at those institutions are examples of products that should be shared because of the funding sources. 
```

Final sentence:  
modules ... are one of those products -> are examples of products

Meanwhile, internal priorities have forced the private repo to evolve to meet local needs. The public repo has fallen behind and it's only just been released. Changing the local deployment workflow to use the public repo would cost even more time so it doesn't happen. The cycle repeats with minor variants with every improvement to the software.

The public repo remains a second class citizen forever. The consumers' questions annoy the developers because they already encountered those bugs and fixed them, but only in the local version. Porting those fixes into the public repo is always extra work. It grates on the developers' nerves. They grow to hate the public code and its consumers, but they never realize they are part of the problem. The developers' masters enjoy taking credit for sharing, but, with the developers talking about the additional labor of porting the local code to the public repo, they get the impression that sharing is expensive. They question the value of sharing without ever realizing they are part of the problem as well lowering the quality of what they share while increasing its cost.

> The problem in this scenario is the authors of the software are not willing to use their own product. In the parlance of the software industry, they are unwilling to "Eat their own dog food". The author who won't use their own product, will never understand what is wrong with it and will never make it better.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The problem in this scenario is the authors of the software are not willing to use their own product. In the parlance of the software industry, they are unwilling to "eat their own dog food". The author who won't use their own product, will never understand what is wrong with it and will never make it better.
```

Grammatical error:  
"Eat -> "eat

Reviewer: Ready to merge after this is commited. Down the line it may be a good idea to add graphics to break up the paragraphs; the `Eat your own dog food` section feels a bit long-winded but paints a useful narrative.
